hey guys it's MC from the soil tour guys
in this video I'm going over the legacy
vendors that can be found in game update
1.2 of star wars the old republic so to
find these you're gonna want to go to
your capital planet in this case it's
Dromund Kaas and then head to cost city
and the vendors are located right here
just before the craft and trade market
and they're going to be for vendors
lined up along here and that is one for
each class so I'm gonna go to my class I
start as Todd will see that there are
two sets that can be purchased using
tokens for each advanced class and so
I'll just go down to Marauder and you
can see that there is a level 29 to 33
set and then near the bottom there's
also a level 14 to 16 set and these
tokens can be found off world drops if
i'm not mistaken i'm not entirely sure
if that's been confirmed yet but i
believe that's how you get them then if
i scroll all the way to the bottom there
is also some light sabers that can be
purchased using tokens as well actually
have one of these tokens which can be
used to purchase a level 14 lightsaber
so these are all good for leveling up an
alt the highest level lightsaber is a
level 33 1 so if you're leveling up and
all these are good to use while leveling
up because these are some pretty good
items and not only that there are also
some custom gear you can insert mods
into and have your level 50 have this
look so i'll just show you this one
right here
there we go looks pretty cool kind of
like a Darth Vader look or something
like that but these are these do require
a legacy level this one actually
requires legacy level 22 by and they do
cost quite a bit of credits as well so
it's up to you if you want to buy these
make sure you like to look before you do
that but that's pretty much it for this
system if you have any questions feel
free to ask in the comments section
below you can also subscribe if you want
but anyways I'll see you next time peace